cra-kit: correct Art. 14 reporting mechanics (SRP/CSIRT/EUVD) and remove deleted ROADMAP references (#603)
wolfSSL/wolfssl-examples: cra-kit/CRA-Supply-Chain-Glossary.md

| **Declaration of conformity** | Art. 28 | Manufacturer's signed statement of CRA compliance. Names the product, lists applicable EU acts, identifies the manufacturer (and EU AR if applicable). |
| **Importer** | Art. 19 | EU entity placing a non-EU product on the EU market. Carries CRA obligations parallel to the manufacturer (verify CE mark, retain AR contact, assist regulators). |
| **Distributor** | Art. 20 | Party in the supply chain making the product available on the EU market without altering it. Lighter obligations than importer/manufacturer, but must verify CE mark and assist regulators. |

> | **Support period** | Art. 13(2), 13(8) | Minimum duration during which the manufacturer must provide **free security updates**. Default: at least **5 years**, unless the product is expected to be in use for a shorter period (and longer where the expected lifetime is longer). Must be declared in the technical documentation. |

Reviewer: Support period is Art. 13(8). Art. 13(2) is the risk-assessment duty. Pre-existing, not introduced here, but this line is already being touched.

```suggestion
| **Support period** | Art. 13(8) | Minimum duration during which the manufacturer must provide **free security updates**. Default: at least **5 years**, unless the product is expected to be in use for a shorter period (and longer where the expected lifetime is longer). Must be declared in the technical documentation. |
```

| **ENISA** | Art. 14, 16 | EU Agency for Cybersecurity. Operates the **Single Reporting Platform (SRP)**; manufacturers file through it and reports reach the **coordinator CSIRT** with ENISA notified **simultaneously** — the **24-hour** early-warning when a vulnerability is **actively exploited**, plus 72-hour update and 14-day final report. |
| **SRP** (Single Reporting Platform) | Art. 16 | ENISA-operated platform (live **11 Sep 2026**) where manufacturers file Art. 14 reports once; routes to the coordinator CSIRT + ENISA and on to affected Member States. |
| **CSIRT** (designated as coordinator) | Art. 14(7) | National incident-response team that receives your Art. 14 report via the SRP and disseminates it. Determined by your EU main establishment — or, for non-EU manufacturers, your **Authorised Representative's** Member State. |

> | **EUVD** (European Vulnerability Database) | Art. 16(2) / NIS2 | ENISA's public database where **fixed** vulnerabilities reported via the SRP are published; makes disclosure timelines verifiable. |

Reviewer: Same 16(2) → 17(5) correction as in the process doc.

```suggestion
| **EUVD** (European Vulnerability Database) | Art. 17(5) / NIS2 Art. 12(2) | ENISA's public database where **fixed** vulnerabilities reported via the SRP are published; makes disclosure timelines verifiable. |
```
